com/example/seriium/listeners/OnSeasonNotAddedClick.java
 com.example.seriium.listeners.OnSeasonNotAddedClick
com/example/seriium/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.seriium.BuildConfig
com/example/seriium/adapters/SeasonsAdapter.java
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapter
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapter$SeasonViewHolder
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapter$SeasonViewHolder$1
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapter$SeasonViewHolder$2
com/example/seriium/models/SerieDetailsResponse.java
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieDetailsResponse
com/example/seriium/listeners/OnSeasonClick.java
 com.example.seriium.listeners.OnSeasonClick
com/example/seriium/activities/Login.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.Login
 com.example.seriium.activities.Login$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.Login$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.Login$3
 com.example.seriium.activities.Login$3$1
com/example/seriium/activities/SerieDetail.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$3
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$4
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$4$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$5
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$6
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$6$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$6$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$7
 com.example.seriium.activities.SerieDetail$8
com/example/seriium/models/UserSerie.java
 com.example.seriium.models.UserSerie
 com.example.seriium.models.UserSerie$1
com/example/seriium/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.MainActivity
com/example/seriium/activities/Seasons.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.Seasons
 com.example.seriium.activities.Seasons$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.Seasons$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.Seasons$2$1
com/example/seriium/network/EpisodateApi.java
 com.example.seriium.network.EpisodateApi
com/example/seriium/adapters/SeasonsAdapterNotAdded.java
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapterNotAdded
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapterNotAdded$SeasonNotAddedViewHolder
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeasonsAdapterNotAdded$SeasonNotAddedViewHolder$1
com/example/seriium/listeners/OnSerieClick.java
 com.example.seriium.listeners.OnSerieClick
com/example/seriium/models/SerieDetails.java
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieDetails
com/example/seriium/activities/Register.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.Register
 com.example.seriium.activities.Register$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.Register$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.Register$3
 com.example.seriium.activities.Register$3$1
com/example/seriium/fragments/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FirstFragment
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FirstFragment$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FirstFragment$2
com/example/seriium/adapters/MySeriesAdapter.java
 com.example.seriium.adapters.MySeriesAdapter
 com.example.seriium.adapters.MySeriesAdapter$MySerieViewHolder
 com.example.seriium.adapters.MySeriesAdapter$MySerieViewHolder$1
com/example/seriium/activities/MySerieDetail.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$3
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$4
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$4$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$5
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$5$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$5$2
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$6
 com.example.seriium.activities.MySerieDetail$7
com/example/seriium/adapters/EpisodesAdapter.java
 com.example.seriium.adapters.EpisodesAdapter
 com.example.seriium.adapters.EpisodesAdapter$EpisodeViewHolder
 com.example.seriium.adapters.EpisodesAdapter$EpisodeViewHolder$1
com/example/seriium/activities/Home.java
 com.example.seriium.activities.Home
 com.example.seriium.activities.Home$1
 com.example.seriium.activities.Home$2
com/example/seriium/fragments/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$2
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$3
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$4
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$4$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.SecondFragment$5
com/example/seriium/models/Serie.java
 com.example.seriium.models.Serie
 com.example.seriium.models.Serie$1
com/example/seriium/models/User.java
 com.example.seriium.models.User
com/example/seriium/listeners/OnMySerieClick.java
 com.example.seriium.listeners.OnMySerieClick
com/example/seriium/models/SerieSeason.java
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieSeason
com/example/seriium/models/SerieEpisodes.java
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieEpisodes
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieEpisodes$1
com/example/seriium/models/SerieResponse.java
 com.example.seriium.models.SerieResponse
com/example/seriium/fragments/FourthFragment.java
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$2
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$2$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$2$2
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$3
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$3$1
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$3$2
 com.example.seriium.fragments.FourthFragment$4
com/example/seriium/fragments/ThirdFragment.java
 com.example.seriium.fragments.ThirdFragment
 com.example.seriium.fragments.ThirdFragment$1
com/example/seriium/network/RetrofitManager.java
 com.example.seriium.network.RetrofitManager
com/example/seriium/adapters/SeriesAdapter.java
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeriesAdapter
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeriesAdapter$SerieViewHolder
 com.example.seriium.adapters.SeriesAdapter$SerieViewHolder$1
